<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <link
      rel="shortcut icon"
      type="image/x-icon"
      href="/ePortfolio/favicon.ico"
    />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>SEPM | Meeting Notes</title>
    <link
      href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Open+Sans:ital,wght@0,300;0,400;0,600;0,700;0,800;1,300;1,400;1,600;1,700;1,800&display=swap"
      rel="stylesheet"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/ePortfolio/styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <header id="mainheader">
      <p>
        <a href="https://anrichp.github.io/ePortfolio/">ePortfolio</a>
      </p>
      <a href="https://anrichp.github.io/ePortfolio/menu.html">Menu</a>
    </header>
    <main>
      <header>
        <h1>Meeting Notes</h1>
      </header>
      <ul class="breadcrumbs">
        <li><a href="/ePortfolio/">Home</a></li>
        <li>
          <a
            href="/ePortfolio/modules/Software Enginnering Project Management/Software Engineering Project Management.html#meetingNotes"
            >SEPM</a
          >
        </li>
        <li>Current page</li>
      </ul>
      <section id="artefacts">
        <h2>Group Meeting 1</h2>
        <h3>20th November 2021</h3>
        <p>
          This meeting was the first group meeting that was held; group members
          introduced themselves, and the purpose of the meeting extended to
          defining team roles and deciding on the initial fifteen requirements.
        </p>
        <a
          target="_blank"
          href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v61cAdsaYiaDyIBziZEdNHygCone6UxX/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103033036091613200849&rtpof=true&sd=true"
          >Meeting Notes</a
        >
      </section>
      <section id="artefacts">
        <h2>Group Meeting 2</h2>
        <h3>27th November 2021</h3>
        <p>
          During this meeting, the group discussed that we required further
          clarification regarding the client's requirements; also, we discussed
          that we would use an agile SDLC and would likely use SCRUM.
        </p>
        <a
          target="_blank"
          href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kHiU-6H5TmHQjQSUiaYiXJ78DBa1qr2l/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103033036091613200849&rtpof=true&sd=true"
          >Meeting Notes</a
        >
      </section>
      <section id="artefacts">
        <h2>Group Meeting 3</h2>
        <h3>29th November 2021</h3>
        <p>
          During this meeting, we agreed on the ten requirements that we were
          willing to accept from the client. We then actioned a meeting with the
          client to discuss the requirements and obtain their agreement to begin
          the project's development phase.
        </p>
        <a
          target="_blank"
          href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A9t2kT-ApOzVvJQmpfnLx0QSibxqXDZo/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103033036091613200849&rtpof=true&sd=true"
          >Meeting Notes</a
        >
      </section>
      <section id="artefacts">
        <h2>Group Meeting 4</h2>
        <h3>4th December 2021</h3>
        <p>
          During the meeting, we further discussed the requirements and
          developed a list of questions for the client to clarify some
          ambiguities. Furthermore, we discussed how we would manage the project
          repository and tasks.
        </p>
        <a
          target="_blank"
          href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HknP2NQ0Sj7qJObi7foqyOviu-GkdbCZ/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103033036091613200849&rtpof=true&sd=true"
          >Meeting Notes</a
        >
      </section>
      <section id="artefacts">
        <h2>Group Meeting 5</h2>
        <h3>8th December 2021</h3>
        <p>
          We settled on using JIRA as the project management tool and the GitHub
          repository was set up during this meeting. Furthermore, we began
          populating the JIRA with a series of EPICs and User Stories.
        </p>
        <a
          target="_blank"
          href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kV7rZnC9JcdvQFsd9R-ymSvensFWQP52/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103033036091613200849&rtpof=true&sd=true"
          >Meeting Notes</a
        >
      </section>
      <section id="artefacts">
        <h2>Group Meeting 6</h2>
        <h3>12th December 2021</h3>
        <p>
          During this meeting, we began discussing the requirements for the
          report assignment. We discussed how we would present the timelines and
          identified that we would need to contact the module lecturer for
          further clarification.
        </p>
        <a
          target="_blank"
          href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/18VRjpSXiB8vquoU-J5mctFpbyB_dQ_4z/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103033036091613200849&rtpof=true&sd=true"
          >Meeting Notes</a
        >
      </section>
      <section id="artefacts">
        <h2>Group Meeting 7</h2>
        <h3>19th December 2021</h3>
        <p>
          We wrapped up the report assignment during this meeting and discussed
          that we would need to reduce the word count and add additional
          academic references to the report.
        </p>
        <a
          target="_blank"
          href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hoGot2Af8fNAZS2ScTv2PjGnOR3G1eib/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103033036091613200849&rtpof=true&sd=true"
          >Meeting Notes</a
        >
      </section>
      <section id="artefacts">
        <h2>Group Meeting 8</h2>
        <h3>23rd January 2021</h3>
        <p>
          During this meeting, we discussed the need to introduce unit testing
          into the project and began discussing the guidance about the final
          presentation to the client.
        </p>
        <a
          target="_blank"
          href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UAsffcXUbyg_7Tq_cE7OCY7XnbaQV2Hg/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=103033036091613200849&rtpof=true&sd=true"
          >Meeting Notes</a
        >
      </section>
    </main>
  </body>
</html>
